Difference between generated adj matrix (#29)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/adj-difference-matrix.tex

\subsection{Generated adjacency matrix}

> In the following subsection the generated adjacency matrix of LightGCN and price aware recommendation are described.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following subsection the generated adjacency matrices of LightGCN and price aware recommendation are described.
```

\subsection{LightGCN}
For LightGCN the adjacency matrix is the size of $\textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items} \times \textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items}$.
Then for every connection between item $i$ and user $u$ 1 is inserted.

> \subsection{Price-aware recommendation}

Reviewer: Tror du misforstår det lidt.
hvis num_nodes = number of users + number of items + number of categories + number of prices
Så har adjacency matrixen størelsen: num_nodes X num_nodes

Det du beskriver med row og col er implementations specifikt hvordan man laver en sparse matrix i scipy. Tror ikke at det er nædvøndigt at beskrive

Reviewer: størrelsen af row og col ahr ikke noget med størelsen af selve matrixen at gøre.
Så adjacency matrixen i lightGCN og PUP er faktisk lavet på samme måde. PUP har bare categories og prices med også

\subsection{Generated adjacency matrix}
In the following subsection the generated adjacency matrices of LightGCN and price aware recommendation are described.

\subsection{LightGCN}
For LightGCN the adjacency matrix is the size of $\textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items} \times \textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items}$.
Then for every connection between item $i$ and user $u$ 1 is inserted.

\subsection{Price-aware recommendation}

> The adjacency matrix in price-aware recommendation is implemented as a sparse matrix using SpiPy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The adjacency matrix in price-aware recommendation is implemented as a sparse matrix using SciPy.
```

This is generated by creating a row of users and items, and a column with prices and categories.

> The row is generated by mapping the user id $i$ into the row the number of times the user has interacted with an item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The row is generated by mapping the user id $i$ into the row the amount of times the user has interacted with an item.
```

The column is mapped with the corresponding items that the users has interacted with.

> At this point the length of row and column, would be equal, as both is the length of the total number of interactions.

Reviewer 2: Er den ikke lige beskrevet som u + i X c + p?

When all users and all items has been inserted into the row and column, the prices and categories has to be inserted.

> This is done by adding the index of a item added with total number of users into the row twice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is done by adding the index of an item added with the total number of users into the row twice.
```
added or times?

> For column at the same indexes as the row the category is inserted and the price is inserted next.

Reviewer 2: omformuler

> For column at the same indexes as the row the category is inserted and the price is inserted next.

Reviewer: omformuler det her lidt sådan at det er nemmere at forstå

> A third array is created with the length of row where ones are inserted.

Reviewer 2: vent hvad er de 2 første? er row and col arrays eller en matrix/tensor?

Using this array, column and row price aware recommendation create a sparse adjacency matrix by mapping the index $i$ in row and column to the array with ones.
Within the adjacency matrix, there will be inserted 1 if there is a connection between item $i$ and user $u$, item $i$ and category $c$, and item $i$ and price $p$.

> This results in a adjacency matrix that is of size number of users + number of items + number of categories + number of prices $\times$ number of users + number of items + number of categories + number of prices

Reviewer: måske være fint at nævne at det her egentlig repræsenterer den heterogene graf. hvor et 1 tal vil sige at der er en edge imellem to nodes.

Den bliver også mirrored senere sådan at row i column j indeholder den samme væredi som row j column i

\subsection{Generated adjacency matrix}

> In the following subsection the generated adjacency matrices of LightGCN and price aware recommendation are described.

Reviewer: Tror du bliver nød til at slette afsnittet og starter over. Er træt af læse det, så vil gerne have noget nyt

This is done by creating two arrays, row and column.
The row and column are both the length of all interactions plus two times the amount of items.
We start by for each user inserting their id as many times to the array as the number of items that they have interacted with.
The id's of the items that the user interacted with are mapped to the corresponding index in the column array.
After all user item interactions have been mapped to the row and column arrays, the item prices and category relationships are mapped to the arrays.
This is done by inserting the index of an item into the row twice.
At the indexes where the item was added to the row, the corresponding category and price related to that item are inserted to the column.
A third array is created with the length of row where ones are inserted.
Using this array, column and row can create a sparse adjacency matrix by mapping the index $i$ in row and column to the array with ones.
Within the adjacency matrix, there will be inserted 1 if there is a connection between item $i$ and user $u$, item $i$ and category $c$, and item $i$ and price $p$.

> This results in a adjacency matrix that is of size number of users + number of items + number of categories + number of prices $\times$ number of users + number of items + number of categories + number of prices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This results in an adjacency matrix that is of size number of users + number of items + number of categories + number of prices $\times$ number of users + number of items + number of categories + number of prices.
```

\subsection{Generated adjacency matrix}
In the following subsection the generated adjacency matrices of LightGCN and price aware recommendation are described.
Both use the adjacency matrix as a representation for a heterogeneous graph, where the value 1 represent a connection between two nodes.

\subsection{LightGCN}
For LightGCN the adjacency matrix is the size of $\textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items} \times \textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items}$.
Then for every connection between item $i$ and user $u$ 1 is inserted.
It is generated with SciPy that creates a dictionary of keys, where two keys indicate the position in the matrix, and the value is 1 if there is a connection. 

> As users are unable to have a connection with other users, and the same with items, they are able to exploit this by inserting all connections from users to items, and then transposing the matrix.

Reviewer 2: Enten forklar lidt bedre hvordan det er udnyttet eller bare slet linjen(synes ikke det er så vigtigt)

Reviewer 2: linje 9

\subsection{Price-aware recommendation}
The adjacency matrix in price-aware recommendation is also implemented as a sparse matrix using SciPy.

> This is generated by creating two arrays, row and column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by creating two arrays, row and column.
```

The row and column are both the length of all interactions plus two times the amount of items.

> The row is generated by mapping the user id $i$ into the row the amount of times the user has interacted with an item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We start by for each user adding their id as many times to the array as the number of items that they have interacted with.
```

The id's of the items that the user interacted with are mapped to the corresponding index in the column array.
After all user item interactions have been mapped to the row and column arrays, the item prices and category relationships are mapped to the arrays.
This is done by inserting the index of an item into the row twice.

> At the indexes of where the item is added to the row, the corresponding category and price related to that item is inserted into the column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the indexes where the item was added to the row, the corresponding category and price related to that item are added to the column.
```

\subsection{Generated adjacency matrix}
In the following subsection the generated adjacency matrices of LightGCN and price aware recommendation are described.

> Both use the adjacency matrix as a representation for a heterogeneous graph, where the value one represent a connection between two nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both use the adjacency matrix as a representation for a heterogeneous graph, where the value 1 represent a connection between two nodes.
```

\subsection{LightGCN}
For LightGCN the adjacency matrix is the size of $\textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items} \times \textrm{number of users} + \textrm{number of items}$.
Then for every connection between item $i$ and user $u$ 1 is inserted.

\subsection{Price-aware recommendation}
The adjacency matrix in price-aware recommendation is implemented as a sparse matrix using SciPy.

> This is generated by creating two arrays row and column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is generated by creating two arrays, row and column.
```

> In the row each user id is added to the array, the number of interactions this user has made.

Reviewer 2: weird sætning

The column contains the items that the users has interacted with.

> The row and column are both the length of all interactions added with two times the number of items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The row and column are both the length of all interactions plus two times the amount of items.
```

> The row is generated by mapping the user id $i$ into the row the amount of times the user has interacted with an item.

Reviewer 2: Er det ikke det du prøver at sige på linje 12?

The id's of the items that the user interacted with are mapped to the corresponding index in the column array.

> At this point the length of row and column, would be equal, as both is the length of the total number of interactions.

Reviewer 2: men linje 14 siger noget andet?

After all user item interactions have been mapped to the row and column arrays, the item  prices and category relationships are mapped to the arrays.

> This is done by adding the index of an item into the row twice.

Reviewer 2: hvad?

At the indexes of where the item is added to the row, the corresponding category and price related to that item is inserted into the column.
A third array is created with the length of row where ones are inserted.

> Using this array, column and row price aware recommendation create a sparse adjacency matrix by mapping the index $i$ in row and column to the array with ones.

Reviewer 2: forvirrende sætning, column and row price aware rec? array with ones?
